Following are different types of linked lists:

1. Singly Linked List: A singly linked list is a data structure that is used to store multiple items. The items are linked together using the key. 
The key is used to identify the item and is usually a unique identifier. In a singly linked list, each item is stored in a separate node. 
The node can be a single object or it can be a collection of objects. When an item is added to the list, the node is updated and the new item is added to 
the end of the list. When an item is removed from the list, the node that contains the removed item is deleted and its place is taken by another node. 
The key of a singly linked list can be any type of data structure that can be used to identify an object. For example, it could be an integer, a string,
or even another singly linked list. Singly-linked lists are useful for storing many different types of data. For example, they are commonly used to store
lists of items such as grocery lists or patient records. They are also useful for storing data that is time sensitive such as stock market prices or flight
schedules.


2. Doubly Linked List: A doubly linked list is a data structure that allows for two-way data access such that each node in the list points to the next node in
the list and also points back to its previous node. 
In a doubly linked list, each node can be accessed by its address, and the contents of the node can be accessed by its index. It's ideal for applications that 
need to access large amounts of data in a fast manner. A disadvantage of a doubly linked list is that it is more difficult to maintain than a single-linked list.
In addition, it is more difficult to add and remove nodes than in a single-linked list.


3. Circular Linked List: A circular linked list is a unidirectional linked list where each node points to its next node and the last node points back to the 
first node, which makes it circular.


4. Doubly Circular Linked List: A doubly circular linked list is a linked list where each node points to its next node and its previous node and the last
node points back to the first node and first node’s previous points to the last node.
